Update: Integrations index/landing page (#2089)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/index.mdx

  - /workflow/global-integrations/
---

Sentry integrates with your favorite apps and services. Sentry integrations are categorized as [organization level](#organization-level), [project level](#project-level), or [integration platform](#integration-platform).

## Organization Level

> Set these integrations up once per organization, then they're available for _all_ projects. Organization level integrations fall into two categories: integrations created by Sentry and integrations created by partners. Content for the Integration Platform is maintained by Sentry partners but linked here for your convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set these integrations up once per organization, then they're available for _all_ projects. Organization level integrations are either created by Sentry or created by partners. Integrations created using the Integration Platform are maintained by Sentry partners. We provide links to that partner content for your convenience.
```

### Integration Platform

> Sentry’s [Integration Platform](/product/integrations/integration-platform/) provides a way for external services to interact with the Sentry SaaS service using the REST API and webhooks. Integrations utilizing this platform are first-class actors within Sentry, and you can build them for [public](/product/integrations/integration-platform/#public-integrations) as well as [internal](/product/integrations/integration-platform/#internal-integrations) use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry’s [Integration Platform](/product/integrations/integration-platform/) allows external services to interact with the Sentry SaaS service using the REST API and webhooks. Integrations using this platform are first-class actors within Sentry, and you can build them for [public](/product/integrations/integration-platform/#public-integrations) as well as [internal](/product/integrations/integration-platform/#internal-integrations) use cases.
```
